Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight
Don't panic
Everyone be quiet
We must be real this time
Don't panic, what kind of Mr. Yi, Mr. Xia?
You've got the circle.
He's a scoundrel.
He smeared us as false propaganda, here it comes
Don't try to run today
Aren't you doing this lottery winning event?
Ah, 100 sets of cards are here.
Come and give me 100 cars
If you can't discount the car, you can.
20 million in total
One less point will sue you for defrauding consumers.
You're messing around.
It's simply impossible in such a short time
Collected 100 sets of kettle cards
How to default
OK
Is everyone listening?
What lottery winning activities did the food factory hold this summer?
It's not real.
Yes, I finally collected the cards.
Just leave it here and they won't cash it for me, right?
My mother said if you gather all the cards
They'll give it to you, right?
Do you not give redemption if you win the lottery?
Isn't that a scam?
Our children are looking for a change every day.
Just to get together
There are no prizes.
It's useless to put it all together
How dare you lie to us?
Refund money refund
A refund is a refund.
How much is it?
You cheat
What am I doing
Everyone be quiet
stop stop stop
Stop
Don't even think about it today
If you don't give me these 100 cars today
What about it?
It is difficult to prove the authenticity of your activity.
Of course I have a way
Can prove the authenticity of my activity
What can you prove?
Who can prove it to you? I can prove it to him.